Damn
It’s Su Man and Duan Xiao Jian
So the hosts
were sneaking around like that?
This man, just two days ago
was still promoting the image of a ‘loving husband’
And now he’s cheating
That fall from grace came fast
(\*refers to celebrities getting exposed for scandals)
One cheats while married
The other’s a homewrecker
I think both of them
are trash
You can even play like this?
It’s over
It’s over, totally over
Food delivery’s late
Didn’t you want excitement?
Now the whole Jiang City
is watching you cheat
Isn’t that even more exciting?
Tech
Cut it
Turn it off now
Shut it off
What are you doing?
Stop the video now
Where is everyone?
Who’s in there?
Open the door
Who’s inside?
Open up, open the door!
Why are you standing there?
Turn off the video now
Director
Should we cut the livestream first?
Cut it
I’m asking you
What’s going on?
I don’t know either
You don’t know?
You were missing during the recording
And now a major issue during the live broadcast
If you don’t want to work here, then while it’s still early
get the hell out!
It was her
This was definitely Ye Qi Luo’s doing